’m an accounting professional and an IT student at RMIT.

My Nationality is Italian and an Australian citizen, by descent.

I’m always searching for different ways to achieve personal growth and this search has led me to being on the move since I was 18 years old.

I have been living in Rome, Melbourne and Milan.
lthough I studied piano for many years, my formal education is based mainly in the Accounting field.

My work experience started as a piano teacher for children and end up playing different roles as accounting professional:

Although I studied piano for many years, my formal education is based mainly in the Accounting field
completing an Advanced Diploma in Business Accounting.
Beside my private studies in piano and singing at the Music Conservatorium in Rome, my education
includes:
? Italian Diploma in Accounting and Business Studies, Italy
? Diploma in Business (Accounting), Swinburne University Australia
? Advanced Diploma in Business (Accounting), Swinburne University Australia.

My wish is finding a position in the field of cyber security and forensic accounting.

I'm very interested in cybercrimes' prevention and datamining analysis to prevent and fight crimes: from common crimes to terrorism financing.
So my hope is to work in one of these fields, ideally into the public sector with that said, also the private sector offers very attractive and interesting positions as well.
Regardless my wish on finding a position in forensic into the public sector, I choose the below position
offered by a private sector which I found very appealing, inspiring and a model to aspire to.
Furthermore, I will love to work especially for this company as its ethics are very similar to mine.
https://au.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-associate-forensic-data-analytics-sydney-at-ey-573170926
The job is related to fraud data analytics in relation to financial data, the company is asking for a
multitasking person to cover different investigative projects trough forensic analysis including
procedure improvements of forensic tests, data mapping, analysis to spot discrepancies and anomalies
on financial statements, identification of atypical employee’s behaviour to determinate corruption and
or bribery, gaining evidences of unlawfulness conduct. All data investigations will be done from
different sources.
The wide spectrum of tasks, broad investigations techniques used and assisting FTDS team building
extensive forensic measurements, makes this employment’s offer as most attractive opportunity my
interest is extended to the additional offer of encompassing professional advancement and supportive
training as well as a wellbeing program. 
The position requires skills in financial allocation methods, knowledge in financial evaluation
including relative software such as SAP, JdEdwards, Chris21 and other, probing SQL skills and
knowledge of Oracle, Java, SQL server etc. Job’s profile requires also skills on methodical practice for
project’s management and its turn-key as well as effective planning with ability to work in group,
along with influential soft skills to delivery data investigations and reports. The company will offer a
place to the person whom has the relevant qualification in financial studies and database management
system including mathematic and statistics with at least three years’ experience as analyst.

Furthermore, I’m open to new experiences, disciplined, efficient and organised, love to find a simple
approach to streamline procedures for fast and improved working methods. My persona is also
outgoing, assertive and love to work with others as well as independently. I have a high degree of
compassion towards others.

My strength and weakness could be used both as a strategic tool, into a team and when forming a
team, as my traits could be a latent driving force and a glue to get the best performance from every
personality, expressions and potential of each person inside and or forming a team. In fact, my
compassion, openness and idealism can be used and to help others to come forward on expressing and
proposing ideas, for example inside of a team some people can be less extroverted, that can bring a
different inside/approach on problem solving, if they could express themselves with ease.
My overall behaviour on helping others could be an example for others less prone to a compassionate
approach and our team could have more potentials to reach a better result, through unity and
collaboration.
While my visual predisposition could be supportive for project’s presentation and or training, as most
people have an imaginative imprinting memory: youtube is one of many examples that had and still
have a wide and established impact on people.

